In this lesson, you will delete a student from your database.
So the delete methods from our cloud repository are capable of deleting data from an SQL database.
So inside of our student service implementation, we will go to our delete function and we're just going
to say student repository, dot, delete, buy ID and we're going to delete the record that matches
this ID and back inside of our student controller.
Student service.
Delete student that matches this id oc.
All right, let's try it out.
I'm going to make two post requests, one for Harry and one for her Mini.
Must change up the birth date.
Press send.
This will create two students.
Let's check just to make sure.
All right.
Now we have two students in our database.
Let's go ahead and delete one of them.
This will delete a student that has an ID of one.
That ID is going to get passed into our delete student function, which then invokes delete by ID.
Delete the entity that has an ID of one which will be hairy.
Let's try it out.
Send over the delete request.
And it deletes the record.
That had an idea of one.
Perfect.
Then I will delete the row with an ID of two.
And it's going to delete that as well.
All right.
Now, before we wrap up, there's actually one more request that we have to handle here.
We have to grab every single student from our table.
We can do that by saying student repository, dot, find all, find all, returns the more generic iterable.
We're going to typecast that to a list of students.
So this is going to return a list of students.
Let's update our handler method to retrieve a list of students.
So student service get students the list of students that were grabbing from our.
Oh.
That's odd.
This should say list student.
I will update this in your source code, don't worry.
But essentially this is going to return a list of students.
And as we send over this list to the consumer, it will be serialized into a JSON collection.
So let's start actually by creating the two students that we just deleted will create a mini student.
And Harry.
I'll change up the age to add variety press send.
And now here, I'm going to get every single student from our database.
And here we get back every single student that was in our table.
Perfect.
So to recap, spring GPA makes it easy to interact with a database.
Now that you know how to persist and manage data, we can start looking at relationships.